[Music]
Chinese women have a reputation for
knowing the secrets of youth and beauty
and rightfully so in the East it can be
downright impossible to tell a woman's
age by her appearance because most
ladies look like they are in their teens
or twenties so how do they manage this
how does the behavior of Chinese women
differ from ours and keep them looking
young and fresh for so long let's figure
it out here are 12 habits that help
Chinese women stay young Chinese women
spend hefty amounts of money on beauty
products it's up to $300 or more per
month interestingly they prefer Korean
or Japanese brands to Chinese and there
are plenty of elites and expensive
European one Chinese men don't object to
this vending habit of their women they
even encourage it
China is traditionally oriented towards
long lasting relationships
therefore the Western term of sexy is
replaced here with beautiful and beauty
is first and foremost about facial
features large eyes and small mouth and
of course fair skin Chinese women do
almost anything to get Affairs in shape
from sunscreens this in white earth and
radical full face masks these allow them
not only to preserve their skin color
but also to protect the skin from
ultraviolet radiation honestly the fact
that somewhere else people are ready the
paper is on and is just beyond this
number ten regarding body culture
Chinese ladies are into the worldwide
slimming trend in fact anyone who's not
skinny is considered chubby by the way
Charlie Theron for instance would be
considered a voluminous lady in China
however it isn't a shame in China to
admit that you like to eat
number nine being chubby isn't bad it's
even cute but don't call a Chinese woman
strong you're making an enemy being
chubby or plump is feminine and cute
while being strong is a male quality and
close to an insult for a woman number
eight a Chinese woman should be sweet
and adorable at any age like a permanent
little princess in their understanding
this can be achieved by loss of test
belts home especially pink sequins and
two animals on clothes and accessories
and yes that's at any age we may wear
this kind of stuff at 30 40 50 and so on
senior Chinese ladies often wear bright
and cute clothes number 7 the daily
schedule is sacred
the Chinese wake up early go to bed
early and take a mandatory nap after
lunch the whole of China has their
breakfast lunch and dinner at the same
time even when arranging a meeting they
don't say the exact time instead they
say after lunch
number six every Chinese woman knows
which food is good for women in any
given season such food is usually one
that makes you beautiful and fertile
ginger black sesame or jojoba they also
prefer black unrefined sugar yes black
not brown
number five they reversed to chocolate
and sweets in general Chinese women
prefer salty or spicy snacks also they
eat lots of vegetables and earth which
is also good for their figure number
four they love taking selfies and they
love posting their photos on Chinese
social networks all girls in China know
that to take a good selfie you should
tilt the phone and hold it a little
above yourself every Chinese smartphone
has a built-in camera filter that
automatically corrects all imperfection
and makes the eyes bigger and darker
that's one of the reasons by the way why
Chinese girls are considered so pretty
number three they always cover the top
of their body they may wear a miniskirt
and that would be perfectly fine but
even the slightest neckline may be
considered outrageous every
self-respecting girl has a super Oh a
traditional clothes but seductively
tight-fitting dress a certain restaurant
in Jimin thought up a piquant thing they
give a 20% discount if the distance
between the knee and the hem of a girl's
skirt is at least 3 inches if a lady is
so bold as to wear a skirt that's 13
inches above her knee the discount
becomes 90% number two the second
biggest enemy after the Sun is cold
Chinese women only drink hot water and
some of them don't eat ice cream ever
the fear of letting cold inside makes
many of the Chinese ladies avoid taking
a shower
a month after giving birth instead they
bask in ginger-infused water number one
the mother of a newborn stays in bed for
a month after giving birth this
interesting tradition of Chinese women
is called Zuo u ez which translates to
six a month she never goes out and she
is wrapped in the warmest clothes while
staying at home the baby is taken care
of either by her mother husband female
relatives or a special person the woman
is thought to lose tremendous amounts of
energy during labor and she can only
recover and cure ailment she had before
giving birth if she takes them on press
finally the beauty of Chinese ladies to
support it a lot by them feeling
attractive and ladylike and their men
deserve credit for this there's no place
in the world where women are so cared
for and pampered curious to know more
about other cultural traditions like
these just subscribe to our Channel and
don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button and share this video see you on
the bright side of life
[Music]